The BlockBits Platform - ICOS 2.0 / Token Sales 2.0 ( more like 3.0 )

- Introduction:
	Until now you've been donating value or buying virtual goods that might
never have a use, in the hope that you'll receive a token that will appreciate
in value over time, you'll sell it and make a profit.
	There's a problem with that line of thinking, it assumes that said project
will be successfull and someone will indeed want to buy your token, in a space
where statistics say that over 90% of startups will fail.
	
	!!! Why gamble ? * Keep this question in your head while reading the rest.

	Security Token or Utility Token, in the eyes of the SEC or any Regulatory 
Institution it should not really matter.
	There is absolutely no legal framework tying said token, or share to a 
company or person's actions, and should be treated as such, and even if such 
legislation existed, there would exist a jurisdiction on this planet that would 
not obey it.

	Why not let the process evolve on it's own, create and enforce it's own 
rules to mitigate the risk.
		
	The BlockBits token is a SHARE that gives you voting rights in the platform,
access to internal funding phases of projects launched through it and can be 
exchanged back into ETH by selling it to the platform once Token Buyback is 
deployed.
	The Token is also required in order to launch a Code Upgrade Proposal once 
the project reaches maturity.
	
	
	
	
BlockBits.io is pioneering a few of the following features:

1 - Development Milestones:
	Just like in software development, most projects can be split up in "Phases".
	Each Development Milestone has a percentage of the raised funds linked to it.


2 - Milestone Funding Payments:
	As an investor you have the choice to fund this project by locking up your 
ethereum in a smart contract, that upon your vote will either release the funds 
to the project ( if we deliver on what we've promised )	which in turn will award 
you tokens OR take your money back and return your locked tokens to the project.
	This will require some involvement from your part at validating the project's
roadmap, and voting accordingly.
	You can of course opt out of the voting process at any time.
	There is a 1 ETH minimum entry for using this funding method. Irregardless 
of Funding Phase.

*** Think about it, you get to validate if the project is actually delivering on
it's promises, if not just take your money back. But if it does deliver, you get 
to "buy tokens at the ico price".
	
	
3 - Funding Vaults:
	Each Investor has their own contract, that stores ether and tokens.
	Direct Funding payments will be locked until either the project is 
successfully funded, or failed.
	If the project is successfully funded the ether is released to the platform's
multi signiture wallet, and tokens get sent to the vault's owner wallet.
	If the project's funding fails, the funds are released and can be claimed 
back by the "vault's owner".

*** This is the traditional way of investing, where you give your "value", and 
receive your "shares".
		
	Milestone Funding payments adhere to the same rules as Direct funding when 
it comes to incomming funds and	release in case of funding failure, the difference
being that if the project's funding is successful, funds and tokens get released 
only upon successful completion and voting by investors of development milestones.

	To detail, if the project is successfully funded, it enters the "Development 
Phase", which cycles through it's Development Milestones. At the end of each 
Development Milestone, the project's team will present evidence that the work was
done and Investors that have contributed using the "Milestone Funding Method" 
will be able to VOTE on the fact that the team delivered or not.
	If at this point an Investor chose to vote NO, they can choose to "CashBack"
their remaining funds, in which case they receive their ether back and the owner 
gets their tokens back. If they do not, they just express disagreement and the 
funding release process is not interrupted.
	Votes can be toggled at any time duiring the voting period and are treated 
as final only once the period ends and votes are counted.

	This process in itself mitigates some issues:

From the investors point of view:
	- Is the team unable to deliver? => Get your cash back.
	- Is the team missing in action? => Get your cash back.
	- Has the team bet against their own project ? => Get your cash back.

	* In all such cases the Investor gets the remainder of their investment back, 
and the project team get back some useless tokens, that might have some sentimental
value but that's about it.

From the team's point of view:
	- What if the ethereum price got 10 times larger? What's stopping investors
from just cashing out for the sake of it ? Nothing, in most cases if an Investor
leaves in this case, the project tokens already have a value and can be sold on 
the free market or to the token buyback system by the team to recover the lost
funds.
 
		
4 - CashBack Procedure:
	Is triggered if the funding of the project Failed, and releases all locked
ethereum back to the Investor.
	Is triggered if the Investor votes NO to a Development Milestone Completion 
Proposal and releases remaining locked ethereum back to the Investor.
	Is triggered if the project owner misses a Development Milestone Completion
Meeting and releases remaining locked ethereum back to the Investor.

	Can be manually triggered by anyone if the project remains stuck at any state
other than "Development Finalised" for whatever reason. ( Never be possible in 
theory but cannot be ruled out )

	Each one of these cases forces the Funding Vaults to release locked ethereum 
back to the Investor, and relies on a pre defined set of rules hardcoded into 
the system.
			
			
5 - Funding:	
	Traditional systems have been selling tokens in different funding phases 
at different prices. This encourages people to invest in PRE ICO's that "look good"
and speculate on the future price of said token.
	The problem that rises here is the fact that most of them do not lock said
funds until the completion of all funding phases, and start spending the value
for marketing, or other costs, which in case of a funding failure will result in
the loss of those funds.
	!!! Some projects have even used said funds to buy more of their own tokens,
just to inflate the market.
	
BlockBits does the following things in order to mitigate some of these issues:
	Locks all funds received until the funding outcome is known ( either failed 
or successful ).
	Uses a Token Sale that will allow anyone to participate as long as the 
hard cap is not reached.
	Soft and Hard cap ratio is at 3. ( Check out Technical Documentation - Risk
Factors to learn more about why we chose this )
	
	
6 - Token Sale at the Price decided by the market
	Our offering has 2 Funding Phases, a PRE ICO Phase, and an ICO Phase. These
Phases are only limited by time and the hard cap.
	There are no guarranteed discounts and token amounts, they are decided by
participation into the sale.
	
	Hard cap can be reached in the PRE ICO if demand is as such.
	If hard cap is reached, the whole token allocation is distributed to investors
in this period and ICO Phase will not take place.
	
		- basically we want the market to decide the value of our tokens
	
	
7 - Inside Blockchain Revenue Stream
	The Platform's revenue is created by investments into projects launched 
through it, directly tied into the platform's smart contract by child contracts.
	The revenue distribution is coded into and enforced by the smart contract.
	
	
8 - Direct Investor Repayment using Token Buyback:
	This is done directly in the Platform's Smart Contract using funds generated 
by the Revenue Stream. 


9 - Upgradeable Smart Contracts
	The application was developed with upgradeability in mind, which means most 
logic is separated into standalone contracts.


10 - Fully open source
	- Use it, distribute it, improve it and give back to the community!
	- Performance optimised build system with test and coverage tools.
	- Technical Documentation and Application Diagrams
	- Detailed Roadmap	


11 - Distributed Application with NO OWNER
	At the end of the "Development Phase", the application is no longer owned by
the BlockBits Team, we become a share holder just like our investors. At this 
stage anyone owning at least 1 Token can initiate a Code Upgrade Proposal, that 
can change how the application does anything the code implements.
	Plans to provide a way for the platform itself to reward such upgrades exist.
( See Technical Documentation - Code Upgrades for more details )
	
	
12 - BlockChain Distributed Application - Ready TODAY!
	The BlockBits platform uses it's own tools and smart contract to fund itself.
	
	In Development Milestones using Code Upgrade Proposals, the team will deploy 
upgrades to the platform which will require Investor Voting, for each feature
proposed in the Roadmap.

* There is no "trust us factor". We either implement the features or present a 
different approach to you, and based on that you as an investor can accept the
outcome or claim your remaining funds back.


FAQ: 
2 mil gas @ 5 gewi to participate in the sale ? Why?

	Think about it, how much do you value your investment ? Is 0,01 ETH too much 
to insure that your deposit can only be released to us or back to your wallet ?

	A Funding Vault is just a separate contract, that your account owns, which 
provides an additional layer of security provided by the network itself.
It has one input, the Funding contract, and two outputs, the Platform's Multi
Signiture Wallet and your wallet address.

	We can only request funds from said contract, if all pre defined conditions 
are met. In the case that any of them is not, you and only you can request your
ethereum back. And in no case can you withdraw more than you initially stored.

	Being able to do so would mean the whole network has broken down and this 
would be the least of our problems.

